[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with retired SEAL Team
Six Chief Petty Officer Michael
Jaco who has over 35 years of
extensive combat experience,
including 11 years as
a CIA security officer.
Michael, welcome to the show.
>>MICHAEL JACO: Glad
to be here, Emery.
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: Michael, before we jump
into "Cosmic Disclosure," let's
talk about why you're here
and a little bit about the CIA
and SEAL Team Six.
And why did you come out?
>>JACO: So being in the
SEAL Teams for 24 years
and then in the CIA
for 11, I learned
a lot of different things.
Learned a lot of things that I
felt that could help humanity.
I was opened up to some of
this secret space program
information that's
happened over time.
All the things that I learned
in the SEAL Teams and in the CIA
took me to a great level
as far as remote viewing,
remote influencing,
tapping into my intuition.
All these different
things have led me
to tapping into my now memories
of the secret space program.
>>EMERY: What does a
SEAL Team Six chief petty
Officer actually do?
>>JACO: Well, I started out
as a senior enlisted E-6.
As an E-6, I was in
charge of operations.
I was in charge of diving,
weapons, demolitions,
stuff like that.
Eventually, I rose to
chief petty officer.
As a chief petty
officer, I was in charge
of what we called at
the time boat crew.
So in the squadrons
as they're called now,
there's several different boat
crews, four different boat
crews usually.
And I was in charge of one of
those as a chief petty officer.
I was involved in combat in
Panama during this time frame.
And that was one
thing that as a SEAL
I'd always wanted to experience,
and having that experience
took me to a different
level as well, being
able to control myself in a
very high-threat situation,
still operate.
I was very calm.
All of the training that
I'd had throughout the years
prepared me for that.
I felt that the training itself
was more intense than combat.
Combat, as I would experience
at SEAL Team Six and then
eventually when I
got into the CIA,
was a lot easier because I'd
had all this intense training
over the years.
>>EMERY: Could
you please tell me
about your intuitive
experiences in project?
>>JACO: So my intuitive
experiences in the SEAL Teams,
I started to understand and see
things before they happened.
I became a remote viewer
while in the SEAL Teams.
That was training
that I did on my own.
But I think everyone
has those experiences
over time, that gut feeling
that a lot of people have.
That's kind of the intuition
coming in and informing us.
A lot of guys understood that.
I took it to another level.
And the thing that
really made it kick
was when I started the
Hand-in-Hand program
in the SEAL Teams.
>>EMERY: Oh, could you
tell me about that?
>>JACO: Absolutely.
I gave demonstrations to
the secretary of defense,
admirals all over the world.
It was pretty impressive.
And then from that
point, I started out
in other avenues, other career
areas throughout my career.
But that was one of the
highlights of my career,
starting the
Hand-in-Hand program.
And that opened me up to
these intuitive experiences,
because I would actually have
an out-of-body experience
while I fought.
>>EMERY: Well, you've
spoken publicly
about the secret space program
and your involvement with that.
Could you share that with us?
>>JACO: The public
disclosure that I've
been having has been a little
piecemeal over the years.
I had someone come to me
approximately five years ago
and said, do you know you're
part of the secret space
program, that you're
a super soldier?
And I was like, a super soldier?
That kind of resonates with me.
But at the time I was
like, eh, I don't know.
So two or three other people--
I wrote a book, "The
Intuitive Warrior."
And when I wrote that book,
it attracted a lot of people
from that genre.
So more and more people started
to come up to me and say,
hey, you're part of the
secret space program.
You're a super soldier.
And then it finally started
to resonate with me.
I started doing the insight
review on my own end,
looking into it.
And then I saw other
people talk about it.
And I was like, wow.
There is something out there.
There's something to this.
And as I started to
listen to some people
here on "Cosmic
Disclosure" occasionally,
I would start to finish
people's sentences.
I was like, I know
what he's going to say.
And then I was like, oh my gosh.
I'm involved in this
program, you know?
I started to awaken
more and more.
It came from just bits
and pieces of information
to larger pieces.
And now after I've had this
regression here in Gaia,
it has really blown up, and I've
gotten a lot of information.
It's amazing.
>>EMERY: Michael, you had this
regression, which is amazing,
by the most famous
psychotherapist
and hypnotherapist, Barbara
Lamb, who has regressed
close to 3,000 people.
Let's take a look at that clip.
>>JACO: I remember being
in a room with my mother.
I'm three or four years old.
And there are several
men in the room,
and they're asking me if I want
to be part of a space camp.
My mother's excited for me.
I'm excited.
They tell me about the
adventures that I'll have,
the training that I'll have.
It'll be unlike anything that
I'll experience anywhere else.
So then I remember
being in a van,
traveling with other children
and going to a military base.
I live in Columbia, South
Carolina at the time.
And I remember traveling
to Fort Jackson
and going into an underground--
seems like a building.
We drive the van
in and all of us
unload and we start training.
And the training is
absolutely amazing.
I remember levitating
things eventually.
I remember levitating myself.
I remember learning
how to overcome fears
and learning how to take
one part of the brain,
the reptilian part of the
brain, and turn it off
was the things we were being--
we were taught as children.
The group that I'm with gets
smaller and smaller over time,
over the years.
And then eventually, I
stopped going on these trips,
but I have another memory
where I'm actually there.
So as a little boy, it's
almost like a separation
where I'm in my
reality with my mother,
and then I no longer
go to the space camp.
And then I have memories
of actually being there.
I was older.
I was more like five
or six at this point.
It's almost as if they created
a separate body for me,
and then I started continuing
on with the separate body.
Although I had
still consciousness
that I came from my mother and
I had a reality at that point,
but now my consciousness
is completely involved
in this new training,
this new experience.
It was mainly
mastering our bodies,
mastering our
consciousness that we
were involved in in
the very early stages,
and focus our minds
in ways that we could
do just incredible things.
>>EMERY: That was
amazing, Michael.
Tell us more about
the space camp.
>>JACO: The space
camp basically,
when I went into that, it was
at around three years old.
Three to four years
old, my memories are.
And then I have memories
in this life of not
being part of that program.
It's like they didn't
pick me up anymore.
But then now that I'm
having these regressions,
I'm having memories of I
continued in that program.
Yeah.
So that's where the
disconnect happened.
I don't know if they cloned me
or what happened, but you know,
I have a memory of
continuing in my current life
and then actually
continuing in that life.
So there was a process
that started more training.
In this training, I was learning
how to telepathy communicate
with others.
Eventually, I would
have a partner.
It was a little girl.
And the two of us
would have telepathy.
Now, there were lots of
girls in this program.
A lot of people think that
it's all a guy program thing,
but it's actually women
in these programs too.
And I believe that
is because women
are more intuitive than men.
So we're learning how to develop
our intuitive right brain
hemisphere of our right
brain, and then communicate
with our left analytical brain.
So that was part of the process
starting as a three-year-old.
Can you imagine three-year-olds
learning that now?
So there's a lot of dumbing
down that I think happens
in our current environment.
But in that environment,
you are on a fast track.
So I would say
that I learned more
in that program in
the five to six years
that I was in it until
I started to travel
to other bases,
on-the-ground bases,
than I probably learned all
the way up through high school,
and maybe even some of the
college courses I've done.
They were extremely advanced.
They were able to do
that because of the way
they present information,
their understanding of the way
the brain works.
And they just really
sock it to us, you know?
It was full day, all day long.
It wasn't playtime
for little kids.
That was our play.
>>EMERY: That's right.
It was progressive
advancement training.
>>JACO: Absolutely.
Very, very-- yeah.
Very aggressive,
though, you know?
And as I look back on
it, it's unbelievable
the speed with which
they were able to get us
into these abilities.
Now, telepathy was one
of the things we learned.
We also learned how to levitate
objects with our minds.
And that progressed.
It progressed to
the point where we--
something very light like
a feather to something
heavy like a block,
a wooden block.
And then we would
levitate multiple blocks
with our abilities.
>>EMERY: Could you
explain to the listeners
that the density compared to
a feather to an army tank,
it doesn't matter.
It's the same.
>>JACO: Eventually,
you learn that.
So it really is.
Levitating yourself, getting
to the point where you can
actually pass through objects.
At first, it was just like
you put your hand in water.
It felt like that.
So you would pass your
hand through a wooden wall.
I never progressed
to the point where
I could do it
through metal, but I
remember doing it through wood.
And eventually, I
walked through that.
So the deep
articulation, learning
how to vibrate at certain levels
and moving through objects
is what we learned.
We eventually learned
how to work together.
I could bend metal.
My partner and I working
together could heat that metal
and cause it to split.
So it's lots of different
things we learned,
and these were the
building blocks
that we used to move
forward to start
to learn how to use
weaponry and fly aircraft,
have that telepathic
communication with aircraft,
looking glass technology, and on
and on and on as we progressed.
>>EMERY: Michael, why would you
need levitation or the ability
to walk through walls?
>>JACO: Those
different abilities
that we learned over
time would translate
into further abilities
as we moved forward.
Now walking through objects,
just like we see in the movies
where people walk
through objects,
is very important to
understand the technology,
understand the actual process
that you go through mentally
to connect with the
different vibrations.
So vibratory fields, once you
understand a vibratory field,
you start to apply
it in everything.
Just like when I
learned hand-to-hand,
when I learned
knife fighting, when
I learned to shoot
my pistol, when
I learned how to
shoot my long gun,
if I lost any one of those,
if I lost my long gun,
I could go to my pistol.
If I lost my pistol,
I could go to a knife.
If I lost a knife,
I'm a hand-to-hand guy
until I get one of those
weapons back from my enemy.
So it's the same thing with
these levitation abilities.
Once you start to go
deeper and deeper into how
to use your mind, you
are multifaceted in
all these different
combat forms.
>>EMERY: When did those
memories first arise
that you remember from?
>>JACO: The first ones
were working with weaponry,
flying aircraft.
At the time, I didn't
understand that because I was
flying aircraft with my mind.
So I was interacting
with the aircraft.
And it took me
months and months,
maybe even a year to understand
that some aircraft actually
have a soul.
And I was like, how can
a soul go in an aircraft?
And some souls
make that decision.
They choose to be part of it.
Just like a soul
comes into our body,
just like a soul incarnates
in an animal, a plant,
so forth, a soul can
incarnate into an actual piece
of machinery, an aircraft.
>>EMERY: That's right.
We call it
consciousness-assisted
technology where you
link up to the vehicle.
>>JACO: Absolutely.
Yeah.
So I had memories of that
coming through and even more.
Weapons systems that
were on the aircraft.
It took a while.
I started to learn
how there's a process,
and then I started to
have memories as a child,
being trained as a
child to do these things
and focus my consciousness
so that I could connect
with weaponry, with aircraft,
and with animals and stuff
like that that
we'd use in combat.
>>EMERY: That's right.
What all of the sudden
triggered these memories?
>>JACO: So it goes
back quite a ways,
all the way to my childhood.
I have memories of these men
coming in and talking to my mom
and asking me if I wanted to
be part of a space camp-type
organization.
And I remember going
off on a couple trips,
and then it seemed
like I just stopped.
And just recently when we
had the regression here,
I have more memories that
came through for that.
But it also goes
into my teenage years
where I remember playing
putt-putt golf with all
my buddies, and there was
this being that came through.
It was almost like
a portal opened.
A being came through.
It was like in a cosmic suit.
And it was me from the future.
And I communicated
with me telepathically
that everything's
going to be OK.
You're part of this program.
And I was like, what?
What are you talking
about, you know?
And I looked around to
see if my friends could
see what was going on.
And my future self disappeared.
And I was like, wow.
So I've been having these little
experiences throughout my life,
little periods where I
would see people that I work
with like at SEAL Team Six.
They seemed to just
disappear for a while.
And then they'd come
back, and everything
was just like it was before.
Because there's a lot of
compartmentalized work
that happens, you
don't ask questions.
So I would see things like
that, and occasionally I
would come back and guys would
say, where have you been?
I was like, what do you
mean, where have I been?
I've been here the whole time.
And they're like-- and
then they'd shut up.
And then because of that
compartmentalized stuff,
they just assumed that
I'd been off on something.
I was like, what are
they talking about?
But I had periods
like that where
I had memories that were--
I would disappear sometimes,
I guess, and come back.
So it happened over
a period of time.
>>EMERY: Why do you think
they actually sought you out
for this?
>>JACO: I think they
actually seek people out--
they have a technique
for seeing that there
are some of us that have
these abilities from birth.
It's almost like when you
think about the three wise men.
They sought out Jesus.
Or Buddha.
Every time Buddha reincarnates,
they seek him out.
They know him as a little boy.
I think they know that
some of us that come in
have these abilities.
And they seek us
out, and they either
ask us if we want to go
in these programs, which
is my experience.
I don't know of anyone
that's been forced
into these experiences, but
I've heard of people being
forced into these experiences.
So some of us are sought out
because we have the abilities
they recognize somehow.
>>EMERY: What else comes
to mind that's become
really conscious for you?
>>JACO: Some of the
ones like working
with aircraft, weapons systems.
I have memories
of wearing suits,
different types of suits.
You know, where we go out
and just reconnaissance,
and these suits
make us invisible.
It's unbelievable.
And there's all kinds of
technology in these suits.
If we get wounded, they treat
us and help heal us and stuff,
or at least keep
us going, you know?
Whereas normally, someone
would be incapacitated.
With these suits, there's
blood clotting agents
that's applied, like
maybe a morphine
for that particular area.
And so we continue to operate
even if we're wounded.
So these different
suits, you know,
I see going into an
armory and having
all of these different
suits, depending on--
just like I would in SEAL
Team Six or other SEAL Teams
where I we go into
the armory, pick out
the arms that I needed
for a particular mission
that we're going to go on.
And I remember going
into these armories
and seeing four
different types of suits.
And they were progressive,
like the one where you're just
doing a recon, which is
very slim, to one that's
got light comp armor on it,
and then one with heavy armor,
and then one with heavy armor
with weaponry all over it.
So different levels of suits,
armor, and also weapons.
>>EMERY: Michael,
here's another clip
about you talking about bases on
the moon and extraterrestrials.
>>JACO: We left the
planet in starships.
There was large groups of us.
There was up to 50
or 60 of us that
would get into almost
like a glider plane,
it seemed like to me.
And then it would take off.
It would almost be
ejected from the Earth,
almost like a slingshot
type of device
would sling us into space.
And then we would float almost
with no gravity to the moon.
And then once we were
at the moon, then
we would go into the
internal bases in the moon
and do more training.
There's many, many
humanoid races out there.
There are many, many
different star beams.
They would all have their
own little individual areas
on the moon, on the
surface of the moon,
and underneath in
the subsurface.
So all around the
moon are bases,
even though many people
think that the bases are just
on the dark side of the moon.
On the other side of the
moon that we can see,
there also are bases,
but they're cloaked.
>>EMERY: Michael,
is this space force
that you have been
part of for many years
the same as the one
that's in the media today?
>>JACO: No.
So what I'm seeing is this
is the disclosure part.
It's not part of our mission.
It would be like a
little baby being
integrated with an advanced
intelligence being.
No, it's not going to happen.
So that little baby
that's the space force
that we're seeing right
now will be the disclosure.
Yes, maybe some of that project
will be integrated in some way.
But it's extremely basic,
extremely low-level.
But that's part of what
disclosure's all about.
>>EMERY: So in the CIA
and working in the SEALs,
you had gone through very
traumatic experiences,
I'm sure.
And how do you separate
that from the space program?
>>JACO: So this took
me a while to make
this distinguishing
factor, that I am actually
living a separate reality
in the secret space program
concurrently while I'm
having this reality.
So I think a lot of people
get confused with this,
and I did for a long time.
Are they taking me and
putting me in this program
and then bringing me back?
No.
There's a completely different
reality that's going on there.
When I feel these
different things,
I have this reality that I
know that I'm experiencing,
and I have these memories
that seem to be coming through
of a separate reality.
This separate reality
is completely different.
I can distinguish the two.
For instance, you know,
I've had my kneecap
shattered in this
reality as a Navy SEAL
in a combat training mission.
And that was a lot of pain.
Now, I've also had
an experience where
I've had the left side
of my head blown off
in a secret space program.
And in that space
program, basically they
can put you back together.
You can literally leave your
body, soul can leave your body.
They can put you in a tank,
hook you up, regenerate anything
that you've lost.
Even to the point where
you're blown to bits--
they still have
your DNA pattern--
they'll put you back together.
It takes time if it's
a major injury where
you lost a large portion
like I did of my brain
and part of my head.
But it translates back
over into this side.
I have those memories
that come through.
And I know it's
from that reality.
So they actually put
me back together.
And I remember coming
back into my body.
So there's a period
of time where
if they put you back together
enough so your soul can come
back in, it can happen for you.
Now over time, when I
first started the program,
it had to be within 24 hours.
But there's up to 30 days your
soul can be out of your body
and still come back.
Now if your soul doesn't
come back in your body,
your soul has decided to go on.
But normally from
my experience, I
remember hanging out and
waiting for them to repair
me enough so I could re-enter.
It's almost like
I'm in a gray area.
But I have a connection.
I know they're working.
I'm like, OK.
Get it done, guys,
so I can get back in.
And then I get back in.
It's like [GASP].
And I'm back in.
I can feel it.
I've had those experiences.
So the same thing
happened as a Navy SEAL
where I had my
kneecap shattered.
And it was like that [GASP],,
that pain experience.
So the two are
separate realities.
I'm having a reality
as a consciousness,
as a soul consciousness
in the space program
and in this reality.
So a piece of my soul
is in the space program,
and I'm having that conscious
connection with it now.
And it's coming through
stronger and stronger over time.
>>EMERY: Can you explain
how your soul was actually
floating above you?
You were aware of it, actually.
>>JACO: Yeah, it's
an interesting thing.
It's taken me a little
time to understand that.
The first part came to
me where I was like, wow.
They regenerated me.
I have memories of being
blown up on several occasions.
I think I've been killed
three or four times.
But I have memories of when
my soul was physically out
of my body.
It's almost like
you're in a dark land.
You don't see really anything
else, but you have awareness.
You have an awareness that
is beyond what you normally
have in your physical reality.
I knew because of my
training that they
were going to put
me back together,
because I'd seen other
people from my memories that
were put back together had
their souls come back in.
So the training
was when you leave,
for whatever reason, if you're
killed in combat, remember,
we're going to put
you back together.
Just hang and get
the connection.
And then when it's time--
you'll know when the time is--
you'll come back to your body.
And that's the way it happened.
It was pretty impressive.
>>EMERY: You know,
what you're telling
us is that you
are aware that you
are in two different places.
You're bi-locating.
>>JACO: Bi-location.
That's excellent.
And it's almost like I'm
bi-located right now.
So I'm bi-located
in this reality
right now as we're
talking, and I
know I'm having an experience in
the space program concurrently.
I'm becoming more
and more aware of it.
And at some point,
maybe full recall.
That's my goal.
>>EMERY: Do your
other brothers in arms
have the same experience
that you have, or is it just
your own unique experience?
Have you actually heard
them talk about it?
>>JACO: I have never
heard anyone talk about it
from my community.
Now, I believe very
strongly that there are
many that are involved in it.
And one of my goals, because
I'm revealing this information,
is that they might
connect with theirs too.
Maybe they have the
same kind of memories
that are coming
through like I do,
and they'll start to
connect with them.
I think that if more of us
connect with this information,
it is going to lift humanity.
I see a lot of technology
that can help us.
I see a lot of good
things that happen
within that side, the space
force, technologies that
are hundreds, maybe a thousand
years more advanced than we
have right now.
If more people start to
connect with that like I
am as we're starting to see, and
especially from my community,
maybe I'm the front
runner for this.
>>EMERY: Michael, everyone's
talking about the secret space
force.
Is it really called that?
Is there something else?
>>JACO: Absolutely, yeah.
It's not a secret space force--
>>EMERY: What is it?
>>JACO: If you're involved
in it, it's the space force.
You're just involved
in the space program.
When you're in a program, you
don't really call it that.
When I was in the SEAL
Teams, we didn't call
ourselves the SEALs, you know?
We didn't walk around
saying, we're SEALs.
We're SEALs.
No.
It's totally--
you know, you're--
>>EMERY: Numbers?
>>JACO: Yeah, numbers.
Now obviously,
there are numbers.
Like, SEAL Team Six is one
of those pinnacle teams.
I was involved in those
pinnacle teams, special forces
type in the space program.
So it is a space program
overall as we would look at it
and term it.
There were different categories.
Like when I was in
the time war program,
we called it the time
wars group, you know?
And there was alpha group.
There was bravo group.
Those are my memories.
Maybe they're not
completely accurate.
So they're trying to
come through, just
like all these memories.
I've been involved in many,
many, many different aspects
of it.
I've been involved in special
weapons projects, development,
all kinds of different things.
I'm involved with animals.
So we train with animals
in the space program.
>>EMERY: Are they conscious?
>>JACO: They're super
conscious, actually.
They're on higher
dimensional realms.
And if you're not at that
higher dimensional realm,
you don't work with them.
So that's one of the
things like we've
talked about earlier with
the conscious connection
with ships, with flying
vehicles and so forth,
with looking glass
technology and so forth.
If your consciousness
is not raised
to the point where
it's workable,
your vibrations aren't
comparable to whatever
you're working with, you
don't work with it, period.
They don't have
anything to do with you.
You can't connect with it.
And it's the same thing with
working with a lot of animals.
>>EMERY: Is it telepathy?
>>JACO: Telepathy is
part of that process,
being in the loving vibration.
So the loving
vibration is something
I learned when I went to Venus.
So the Venusians are
training us in the program
to use these love
energy vibrations.
And we use them--
once we started to use
them-- in the early days,
we weren't aware of them
or didn't use them the way
we're using them now.
But as we're using
them now, we're
extremely more
effective in our forces.
>>EMERY: Would you
say that maybe we're
being encoded in a way?
>>JACO: There is definitely
encoding going on.
There's technologies
that are used,
nanoparticles that come
in and work with us.
Not as we think of now.
So here in our reality, we
hear about nanoparticles
and we think, oh,
that's evil and stuff.
And they're-- you know,
much like anything,
it can be used
for evil purposes.
But for us, it's
definitely positive.
They help us think faster.
They help us heal faster.
They help us get bigger.
There's lots of different
things that nanoparticles do
that are very, very positive.
>>EMERY: Have you noticed
that year by year, day by day
that you're getting
that information back,
that you're starting to
recall, total recall?
>>JACO: The total recall
is definitely accelerating.
>>EMERY: It is?
>>JACO: I mean, every day
there's more information coming
through.
I mean, the regression
I had here at Gaia
was absolutely amazing.
It was mind blowing for me.
>>EMERY: What else did you
recall from the session?
>>JACO: Well, I
remember actually
going to the moon base.
So there is a moon base.
It's hollow.
It's an artificial structure.
It's come from another
part of the galaxy,
transporting other
ET races here.
So my memories are
that we flew there.
Now, the transportation was
interesting at the time.
So around nine I believe,
nine to 10 years old,
I remember going out
to the moon base.
And that was to expose
us to other ET races.
We'd already had
holograms we looked at.
We'd seen them in 2D movies.
We talked about it.
We'd describe what they're like.
So now we're actually going
to interact with them.
So the transportation at the
time was super high tech.
There was not like we see
the rockets blasting off.
We were catapulted like from--
it's like a tube.
And we were shot
through this tube,
and we traveled to the moon.
And there was no propulsion.
We just drifted out.
Caught the gravity.
We were slingshotted
from the gravity of Earth
to the gravity of the moon.
We hooked it and then came in.
We landed on the far
side of the moon.
We came into a base
where the door was open.
We went inside.
Now once we're inside, that's
when things got interesting.
That's when we started
to have our integration.
We'd already had a little bit of
integration with little grays.
Little grays had come in.
We'd learn more telepathy
from them, some other skills
that they taught us, how to
work with the looking glass
technology, and so forth.
Now we're actually going
to work with big grays,
the large grays.
So the large grays are--
I look at the little grays
as basically being cloned
little slaves, unfortunately.
And they basically do
whatever they're told to do.
The large grays are thinkers.
They're the ones that are
proactive, have free will
like we have free will.
And they're working with us.
So they were kind
of standoffish to us
because we're not advanced.
So when we worked with
them, it was pretty huff.
They were very huff
with us, very gruff.
And that's the way it was.
Really, all the different
ETs that we saw in there.
And I saw many different types.
They usually had their
own areas inside there.
We had our own area.
Over time, we started
to integrate with them
more and more and more.
There's large cities
inside the moon
and different sized cities
throughout the moon.
So you traveled to
each one of them,
but normally only on
invite because there's
ET races that have their
own little areas in there.
That's the same, as
I would learn later,
it is in many of the planets.
>>EMERY: Like little
different countries inside.
>>JACO: Excellent
way to describe it.
Yeah.
So there's different countries,
and ETs have their countries.
And maybe you're
invited to their country
to train with them or
interact with them.
Sometimes we share
information with them.
But more often, they
share information with us,
at least at that time frame.
From 12 to 17, I remember going
back and forth from bases in--
DUMB bases in the US
and back and forth.
So I never really
had much interaction
once I turned three and four
years old with the servants
anymore.
All I remember is just
doing underground bases.
But those bases were
like massive cities
sometimes that we
see on the surface.
Unbelievable.
>>EMERY: Michael,
fascinating information.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>JACO: Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]